# Vulnerabilities

# Critical  
    D-Link Routers Unauthenticated RCE (CVE-2019-16920)
## Description
    The remote D-Link router is affected by a remote code execution vulnerability. Unauthenticated remote code execution occurs in D-Link products such as DIR-655C, DIR-866L, DIR-652, and DHP-1565. The issue occurs when the attacker sends an arbitrary input to a PingTest device common gateway interface that could lead to common injection. An attacker who successfully triggers the command injection could achieve full system compromise. Later, it was independently found that these are also affected: DIR-855L, DAP-1533, DIR-862L, DIR-615, DIR-835, and DIR-825.

    Note that Nessus has not tested for this issue but has instead relied only on the router's self-reported model.

## Solution
    Upgrade to a supported device.

# Medium Vulnerabilities
    Web Application Potentially Vulnerable to Clickjacking
## Description
    The remote web server does not set an X-Frame-Options response header or a Content-Security-Policy 'frame-ancestors' response header in all content responses. This could potentially expose the site to a clickjacking or UI redress attack, in which an attacker can trick a user into clicking an area of the vulnerable page that is different than what the user perceives the page to be. This can result in a user performing fraudulent or malicious transactions.

    X-Frame-Options has been proposed by Microsoft as a way to mitigate clickjacking attacks and is currently supported by all major browser vendors.

    Content-Security-Policy (CSP) has been proposed by the W3C Web Application Security Working Group, with increasing support among all major browser vendors, as a way to mitigate clickjacking and other attacks. The 'frame-ancestors' policy directive restricts which sources can embed the protected resource.

    Note that while the X-Frame-Options and Content-Security-Policy response headers are not the only mitigations for clickjacking, they are currently the most reliable methods that can be detected through automation. Therefore, this plugin may produce false positives if other mitigation strategies (e.g., frame-busting JavaScript) are deployed or if the page does not perform any security-sensitive transactions.
## Solution
    Return the X-Frame-Options or Content-Security-Policy (with the 'frame-ancestors' directive) HTTP header with the page's response.
    This prevents the page's content from being rendered by another site when using the frame or iframe HTML tags.